SEASON 1

1. Muddy Puddles

Narrator: It is raining today. So Peppa and George cannot play outside.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, it's stopped raining.

Peppa Pig: Can we go out to play?

Daddy Pig: All right, run along you two.

Narrator: Peppa loves jumping in muddy puddles.

Peppa Pig: I love muddy puddles.

Mummy Pig: Peppa. If you jump in muddy puddles, you must wear your boots.

Peppa Pig: Sorry, Mummy.

Narrator: George likes to jump in muddy puddles, too.

Peppa Pig: George. If you jump in muddy puddles, you must wear your boots.

Narrator: Peppa likes to look after her little brother, George.

Peppa Pig: George, let's find some more puddles.

Narrator: Peppa and George are having a lot of fun.

Narrator: Peppa has found a little puddle.

Narrator: George has found a big puddle.

Peppa Pig: Look, George. There's a really big puddle.

Narrator: George wants to jump into the big puddle first.

Peppa Pig: Stop, George.

Peppa Pig: I must check if it's safe for you.

Peppa Pig: Good. It is safe for you.

Peppa Pig: Sorry, George. It's only mud.

Narrator: Peppa and George love jumping in muddy puddles.

Peppa Pig: Come on, George.

Peppa Pig: Let's go and show Daddy.

Daddy Pig: Goodness me.

Peppa Pig: Daddy. Daddy.

Peppa Pig: Guess what we've been doing.

Daddy Pig: Let me think...

Daddy Pig: Have you been watching television?

Peppa Pig: No. No. Daddy.

Daddy Pig: Have you just had a bath?

Peppa Pig: No. No.

Daddy Pig: I know. You've been jumping in muddy puddles.

Peppa Pig: Yes. Yes. Daddy. We've been jumping in muddy puddles.

Daddy Pig: Ho. Ho. And look at the mess you're in.

Peppa Pig: Oooh...

Daddy Pig: Oh, well, it's only mud.

Daddy Pig: Let's clean up quickly before Mummy sees the mess.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, when we've cleaned up, will you and Mummy come and play, too?

Daddy Pig: Yes, we can all play in the garden.

Narrator: Peppa and George are wearing their boots.

Narrator: Mummy and Daddy are wearing their boots.

Narrator: Peppa loves jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Narrator: Everyone loves jumping up and down in muddy puddles.

Mummy Pig: Oh, Daddy Pig, look at the mess you're in.

Peppa Pig: It's only mud.


2. Mr Dinosaur is Lost

Narrator: George's favourite toy is Mr Dinosaur.

George: Dinosaur.

Narrator: George loves Mr Dinosaur.

George: Grr.

Narrator: Sometimes, George likes to scare Peppa with Mr Dinosaur.

George: Grr.

Peppa Pig: Eeek! Too scary.

Narrator: At suppertime, Mr Dinosaur sits next to George.

Mummy Pig: I beg your pardon.

Mummy Pig: Was that you George, or was it Mr Dinosaur?

George: Dinosaur.

Narrator: At bath time, George shares his bath with Mr Dinosaur.

George: Grr.

Mummy Pig: Good night, Peppa.

Peppa Pig: Good night, Mummy.

Mummy Pig: Good night, George.

Mummy Pig: And good night, Mr Dinosaur.

George: Grr.

Narrator: When George goes to bed, Mr. Dinosaur is tucked up with him.

Narrator: George's favourite game is throwing Mr. Dinosaur up in the air...

George: Whee!

Narrator: ...and catching him when he falls back down.

George: Whee!

Narrator: Peppa and Daddy Pig are playing draughts.

Peppa Pig: I win, Daddy.

Daddy Pig: Oh. Well done, Peppa.

George: Whhhhaaaaaaaaaaa.

Daddy Pig: George?

George: Whaaaaaaaaa.

Mummy Pig: George, what's the matter?

George: Dinosaur.

Daddy Pig: George, have you lost Mr Dinosaur?

Narrator: George has lost Mr Dinosaur.

Mummy Pig: Don't worry George. We'll find Mr Dinosaur.

Daddy Pig: It's a job for a detective.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, what is a detective?

Daddy Pig: A detective is a very important person who is good at finding things.

Peppa Pig: Me! Me! I'm good at finding things.

Daddy Pig: All right. Peppa is the detective.

Peppa Pig: George. I am the detective. I will help you find Mr Dinosaur.

Mummy Pig: Maybe the detective should ask George some simple questions.

Peppa Pig: George? Where's Mr Dinosaur?

George: Whaaaaaaaaaa.

Narrator: George does not know where Mr Dinosaur is.

Daddy Pig: The detective could try and guess where Mr Dinosaur might be.

Peppa Pig: I know. I know where he is.

Peppa Pig: George always has Mr Dinosaur with him in the bath.

Peppa Pig: So Mr Dinosaur is in the bath.

Narrator: Mr Dinosaur is not in the bath.

Peppa Pig: Oh. I know. I know where Mr Dinosaur is.

Peppa Pig: George always has Mr Dinosaur in his bed at night.

Peppa Pig: So that's where he is.

Narrator: Mr Dinosaur is not in George's bed.

Peppa Pig: Oh.

Mummy Pig: Maybe we should try the garden.

Peppa Pig: Yes, the garden. I was going to say that.

Peppa Pig: Where is Mr Dinosaur?

Narrator: Mr Dinosaur is very hard to find.

Peppa Pig: Oh. Mr Dinosaur isn't anywhere.

Daddy Pig: George? You do love to throw Mr Dinosaur in the air.

Daddy Pig: I wonder if this time you threw Mr Dinosaur just a bit too high.

Peppa Pig: There he is. There he is. I saw him first.

Daddy Pig: Well done, Peppa.

Daddy Pig: You really are a very good detective.

George: Dinosaur. Grr.

Narrator: George is so happy to have Mr Dinosaur back again.

George: Whee.

Daddy Pig: Maybe it isn't a good idea to play with dinosaurs near trees.

George: Dinosaur.


3. Polly Parrot

Narrator: Peppa and her family are visiting Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig.

Peppa Pig: Granny Pig, Grandpa Pig!

George: Granny ‘ig, Grandpa ‘ig!

Granny Pig: Hello, my little ones. Come inside. We have a surprise.

Peppa Pig: What is it?

Granny Pig: We have a new pet. Can you guess what it is?

George: Dinosaur?

Grandpa Pig: No, it’s not a dinosaur. Come and see.

Narrator: Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig have a parrot.

Granny Pig: Peppa, George, this is our pet parrot. She’s called Polly. Pretty Polly.

Polly: Pretty Polly.

Peppa and George: Wow!

Granny Pig: I am a clever parrot.

Polly: I’m a clever parrot.

Peppa Pig: Mummy, why does Polly copy everything that Granny says?

Mummy Pig: That’s what parrots do. I’ll show you.

Mummy Pig: Hello, Polly.

Polly: Hello, Polly.

Mummy Pig: What a sweet little parrot.

Polly: What a sweet little parrot.

Granny Pig: Come on, everyone. Tea time.

Granny Pig: Peppa, George, come on. There’s chocolate cake.

Peppa Pig: Coming, Granny.

Narrator: Peppa and George love eating chocolate cake, but today they’re in a hurry to get back and play with Polly Parrot.

Peppa Pig: Finished.

Granny Pig: What noisy little ones you are.

Peppa Pig: Granny, please can we leave the table and go and see Polly Parrot?

Granny Pig: Are you sure you’ve completely finished your cake?

Granny Pig: Off you go, then.

Peppa Pig: Hurrah!

Peppa Pig: George, say something to Polly.

Narrator: George is a little bit shy.

Peppa Pig: Hello.

Polly: Hello.

Narrator: Peppa and George are really enjoying playing with Polly Parrot.

Peppa Pig: I’m Peppa Pig.

Polly: I’m Peppa Pig.

Peppa Pig: George, say something.

George: Oink.

Polly: Oink.

Narrator: Peppa and George are pretending to be parrots.

Peppa Pig: I’m Polly Parrot.

Narrator: Peppa is thinking of something else to say to Polly Parrot.

Peppa Pig: I’m a noisy parrot. Oink!

Polly: I’m a noisy parrot. Oink!

Granny Pig: Peppa, George, have you been playing with Polly?

Peppa Pig: Yes, Granny.

Granny Pig: Polly is such a sweet parrot.

Peppa Pig: Yes, Granny.

Granny Pig: I’m a clever parrot.

Polly: I’m a noisy parrot. Oink! I’m a noisy parrot. Oink!

Granny Pig: Oh, my word!


4. Best Friend

Narrator: Peppa is waiting for her best friend, Suzy Sheep.

Peppa Pig: Hello, Suzy.

Suzy: Hello, Peppa.

Narrator: Suzy Sheep has come to play with Peppa.

Narrator: Peppa loves Suzy.

Narrator: Suzy loves Peppa.

Narrator: They are best friends.

Mummy Pig: Peppa, why don’t you and Suzy play in your bedroom?

Peppa Pig: Yes, Mummy.

Narrator: George wants to play, too.

Narrator: Peppa and Suzy love playing in Peppa’s bedroom.

Narrator: So does George.

Peppa Pig: No, George. This game is just for big girls.

Peppa Pig: Go and play with your own toys.

Narrator: Peppa and Suzy want to play on their own.

Peppa Pig: I’m a tiny little fairy princess.

Peppa Pig: I’m going to wave my magic wand and turn you into a frog.

Narrator: George doesn’t like playing on his own.

Narrator: George wants to play, too.

Peppa Pig: No, George. I’m playing with Suzy.

Peppa Pig: You have to play somewhere else.

Narrator: George wants to play with Peppa. He feels a bit lonely.

Mummy Pig: George, I need some help. I’m making chocolate chip cookies.

Mummy Pig: Someone needs to lick out the bowl.

Narrator: George likes helping Mummy make cookies, but he likes playing with Peppa more.

Suzy: I want to be a nurse.

Peppa Pig: I want to be a doctor.

Suzy: But who’s going to be the sick person?

Peppa Pig: George!

Narrator: Peppa and Suzy love playing doctors and nurses.

Narrator: So does George.

Narrator: Peppa listens to George’s chest.

Peppa Pig: Now, George. Take a big breath in, then cough.

Peppa Pig: I think your heart’s a bit loose.

Peppa Pig: I’ll put a plaster on it.

Suzy: Open wide, please.

Narrator: Suzy takes George’s temperature.

Suzy: Oh, dear. You’re very very hot.

Suzy: I think you have to stay in bed for three years.

Narrator: Daddy Pig has come to find George.

Daddy Pig: Oh, no. What’s wrong with George?

Peppa Pig: Don’t worry, Daddy. It’s only a game.

Peppa Pig: George is our patient.

Daddy Pig: Oh, I see.

Daddy Pig: Can the patient have a visitor?

Peppa Pig: Just for a little while.

Peppa Pig: He might get tired.

Peppa and Suzy: Cookies!

Mummy Pig: Yes, they’re for George. They’re his medicine to make him feel better.

Daddy Pig: Um, excuse me, doctor. Can you help me? I have a sore tummy.

Daddy Pig: That tickled.

Peppa Pig: I can hear it rumbling.

Peppa Pig: I think you’re hungry, Daddy.

Daddy Pig: Well, I think I need lots of cookies to make me better.

Mummy Pig: And me.

Peppa Pig: And me.

Suzy: And me.


5. Hide and Seek

Narrator: Peppa and George are playing hide and seek.

Narrator: It is George's turn to hide.

Narrator: He must quickly find somewhere to hide before Peppa finishes counting.

Peppa Pig: One... two... three... four... five... six... seven...

Narrator: George has found somewhere to hide.

Peppa Pig: Eight...

Narrator: Just in time.

Peppa Pig: Nine... ten... Ready or not.

Peppa Pig: Here I come.

Narrator: Peppa has to find where George is hiding.

Peppa Pig: Found you.

Narrator: Peppa has found George.

Peppa Pig: George, I could see you too easily.

Narrator: Now it is Peppa's turn to hide.

George: One... um... three.

Mummy Pig: I'll help George to count.

Mummy Pig: One... two... three... four... five... six... seven... eight... nine... ten.

Mummy Pig: Okay, George, open your eyes.

Narrator: George has to find where Peppa is hiding.

George: Oh.

Narrator: Peppa isn't hiding under the table.

Daddy Pig: George, have you thought of looking upstairs?

Narrator: Peppa isn't under the bed.

Narrator: What was that strange noise?

Narrator: Peppa isn't behind the curtain.

Narrator: There is that strange noise again.

Narrator: What can it be?

Peppa Pig: Whee!

Narrator: George has found where Peppa was hiding.

Peppa Pig: George found me.

Peppa Pig: Now it's Daddy's turn to hide.

Daddy Pig: Oh, I think George should have another turn.

Peppa Pig: But George isn't very good at hiding.

Daddy Pig: I'm sure he'll be better this time.

Daddy Pig: Close your eyes and start counting.

Peppa Pig: One... two... three...

Narrator: Oh, dear.

Narrator: Peppa will easily find George.

Peppa Pig: Four... five... six...

Daddy Pig: George! Come over here...

Peppa Pig: Seven... eight... nine... ten.

Peppa Pig: Ready or not, here I come.

Peppa Pig: Oh, George isn't hiding under the table.

Peppa Pig: But George always hides under the table.

Daddy Pig: Have you thought of looking upstairs?

Peppa Pig: I know where he is.

Peppa Pig: George is in the toy basket.

Peppa Pig: Oh.

Narrator: George is not in the toy basket.

Narrator: Where can he be?

Narrator: Peppa cannot find George anywhere.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, I can't find George anywhere.

Daddy Pig: Oh, dear, I wonder where he can be.

Daddy Pig: Actually, I think there's something about George in this newspaper.

George: Whee...

Peppa Pig: George. Found you.

Mummy Pig: Oh, George. That was a good place to hide.

Narrator: George was hiding behind Daddy Pig's newspaper all the time.


6. The Playgroup

Narrator: Peppa and George are going to the playgroup. It is George’s first day.

Daddy Pig: George, are you looking forward to the playgroup?

George: Oink, oink.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, maybe George is too small to go to my playgroup.

Daddy Pig: He’ll be fine, Peppa. There’ll be you and Mr Dinosaur there to keep him company.

George: Grrr, Dinosaur.

Peppa Pig: But I want to play with the big children, not George and his toy dinosaur.

Narrator: Oh, dear. Peppa doesn’t want George to go to her playgroup.

Daddy Pig: We’re here.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, are you sure George is big enough?

Daddy Pig: He’ll be fine.

Peppa Pig: All right, he can come.

Daddy Pig: Bye-bye.

Narrator: Madame Gazelle looks after the children at the playgroup.

Peppa Pig: Hello. This is my little brother George.

Madame Gazelle: Hello, George.

Suzy Sheep: I wish I had a little brother like George.

Peppa Pig: Really?

Danny Dog: Hello, I’m Danny Dog. Is that a dinosaur?

Peppa Pig: It’s just a toy dinosaur.

George: Grrr, dinosaur.

Danny Dog: Brilliant.

George: Dinosaur, grrr.

George: Dinosaur, grrr.

Madame Gazelle: Really scary.

Danny Dog: That’s brilliant.

Peppa Pig: George is my brother. He’s brilliant.

Narrator: Peppa is proud of her little brother George.

Madame Gazelle: Shall we show George how we paint pictures?

Peppa Pig: George is not very good at painting.

Madame Gazelle: Well, maybe you could help him.

Peppa Pig: Yes, I’m very good. I will show him how to paint a flower.

Peppa Pig: George, today I’m going to teach you how to paint a flower.

George: Oink, oink.

Peppa Pig: First you paint a big circle.

Peppa Pig: No, George. That’s the wrong colour.

Peppa Pig: Now you paint the flower’s petals.

Peppa Pig: George, that’s the wrong shape.

Peppa Pig: Now you paint the stalk and the leaves.

Peppa Pig: Perfect.

Peppa Pig: George, you’ve done it all wrong.

Madame Gazelle: Now, what do we have here?

Peppa Pig: I’ve painted a flower.

Madame Gazelle: That’s very good, Peppa. And George has painted a dinosaur.

George: Grrr, dinosaur.

Danny Dog: Brilliant.

Madame Gazelle: I think George and Peppa’s pictures should go on the wall.

The Children: Hurrah!

Madame Gazelle: Peppa, you must be very proud of your little brother.

Peppa Pig: Yes, I am.

Narrator: It is home time, and the children’s parents are here to pick them up.

Peppa Pig: Can George come next time?

Madame Gazelle: Yes, and he can paint us another lovely picture. And what will you paint next time, George?

George: Dinosaur, grrr.

Madame Gazelle: Another dinosaur picture? Well, maybe you can show us all how to paint a dinosaur.

Danny Dog: Brilliant.

Peppa Pig: Yes, brilliant.

George: Brilliant.


7. Mummy Pig at Work

Narrator: Mummy Pig is working on her computer. Daddy Pig is making soup for lunch.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, can we go and watch Mummy on her computer?

Daddy Pig: Yes, as long as you don’t disturb her. She has a lot of important work to do today.

Peppa Pig: Thank you, Daddy.

Narrator: Mummy Pig has a lot of important work to do.

Peppa Pig: Mummy, could George and I sit on your lap and watch you work?

Mummy Pig: Yes, if you both sit quietly.

Narrator: Peppa and George love to watch Mummy work on the computer.

Peppa Pig: Mummy, can we play that computer game, Happy Mrs Chicken?

Mummy Pig: We can play Happy Mrs Chicken later, but now I have to work.

Peppa Pig: Mummy, can we help you work?

Mummy Pig: No, Peppa. You mustn’t touch the computer. And, George, you mustn’t touch the computer either.

Peppa Pig: Yes, George, you mustn’t do this.

Mummy Pig: Peppa, stop.

Peppa Pig: Sorry, Mummy. I was just showing George what not to do.

Narrator: Oh, dear. The computer is not meant to do that.

Mummy Pig: Daddy Pig. Daddy Pig.

Daddy Pig: What is it, Mummy Pig?

Mummy Pig: Daddy Pig, can you mend the computer?

Daddy Pig: Uhh...

Mummy Pig: I’ll finish the lunch while you mend the computer.

Daddy Pig: Uh, right you are, Mummy Pig, but I’m not very good with these things.

Mummy Pig: Oh, thank you, Daddy Pig.

Narrator: Daddy Pig is going to mend the computer.

Daddy Pig: Hmmm...Hmmm...Hmmm...Um, maybe if I just switch it off...and then switch it on again.

Narrator: Daddy Pig has mended the computer.

Peppa Pig: Hurrah, Daddy!

Daddy Pig: Yes, I am a bit of an expert at these things.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, can we play that computer game, Happy Mrs Chicken?

Daddy Pig: Maybe you should ask Mummy Pig.

Peppa Pig: Mummy said that we could play it later.

Daddy Pig: Well, that’s OK then. But I don’t know where the disk is.

Peppa Pig: Yippee!

Peppa Pig: Now it’s my turn.

Daddy Pig: Now it’s my turn.

Mummy Pig: What on earth is going on?

Mummy Pig: Well, I see the computer is working again.


8. Camping

Narrator: Peppa and her family are going camping.

Daddy Pig: I love camping. We’re here.

Daddy Pig: Peppa, George, this is the tent I had when I was a little boy.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, how are you going to make that into a tent?

Daddy Pig: Don’t worry, Peppa. I’m an expert at camping. Mummy Pig, put the tent on the poles, please.

Daddy Pig: That’s it. Easy as pie.

Daddy Pig: Ooo.

Mummy Pig: Do these pegs do anything?

Daddy Pig: Of course, I forgot about the pegs.

Narrator: Pegs hold the tent up.

Daddy Pig: There.

Peppa Pig: The tent is a bit little.

Daddy Pig: It was big enough for me when I was a boy, but it does look a bit small now.

Mummy Pig: That’s because you’ve grown a bit since you were a boy, Daddy Pig.

Peppa Pig: And your tummy has grown the most of all.

Daddy Pig: Talking of tummies, we should cook supper.

Peppa Pig: Yes, yes.

Daddy Pig: First we have to collect sticks to make a fire.

Peppa Pig: Yippee.

Narrator: Peppa and George are helping Daddy Pig collect sticks for the campfire.

Peppa Pig: George, I’ll pick up the sticks and you can carry them.

Peppa Pig: Collecting sticks is fun.

Daddy Pig: Good, that’s enough sticks.

Daddy Pig: That’s a splendid campfire. Now I’ll light it.

Mummy Pig: Here are the matches.

Daddy Pig: We don’t need matches.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, how can you light it without matches?

Daddy Pig: I’m going to make fire the old way. By simply rubbing these two sticks together.

Narrator: Daddy Pig is rubbing the two sticks together to light the campfire.

Peppa Pig: Where’s the fire, Daddy?

Daddy Pig: Nearly there.

Peppa, Mummy Pig and George: Hurrah!

Daddy Pig: Easy as pie.

Mummy Pig: Now we can heat up the tomato soup.

Daddy Pig: Ah, listen to the sounds of nature.

Peppa Pig: What is that sound?

Daddy Pig: That is the sound of crickets chirping.

Peppa Pig: What is that?

Mummy Pig: That’s an owl. Look, there it is.

Peppa and George: Wow.

Peppa Pig: And what’s that noise?

Mummy Pig: Oh, I’m not sure.

Peppa Pig: It’s Daddy’s tummy.

Daddy Pig: My tummy rumbling is one of the best sounds of nature. It means it’s time to eat.

Peppa Pig: I love tomato soup.

Daddy Pig: So do I.

Mummy Pig: There’s another one of Daddy Pig’s sounds of nature.

Daddy Pig: What?

Mummy Pig: Come on, children. Into the tent. It’s bedtime.

Peppa Pig: We won’t all fit in. The tent is too little.

Daddy Pig: It will be fine. In you go.

Daddy Pig: Move further in, Mummy Pig.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, you’re too big for the tent.

Daddy Pig: Never mind. I’d rather sleep outside anyway.

Mummy Pig: Good night, Daddy Pig.

Peppa Pig: Good night, Daddy.

George: Night-night.

Daddy Pig: Good night, everyone.

Narrator: Mummy Pig, Peppa and George are sleeping in the tent. Daddy Pig is sleeping outside under the stars.

Daddy Pig: I love camping, sleeping in the open air with the stars above me.

Daddy Pig: Maybe this wasn’t such a good idea after all.

Narrator: It is morning.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, it was lovely and cosy in the tent. Oh, where’s Daddy?

Narrator: Daddy Pig has gone.

Mummy Pig: Poor Daddy Pig. He must have been cold and wet. And now where is he?

Mummy Pig: What’s that sound?

Peppa Pig: It sounds like snoring.

Peppa Pig: Daddy Pig!

Daddy Pig: What?

Peppa Pig: Daddy, you’re safe.

Daddy Pig: Of course I’m safe. I’m an expert at camping. I slept in the car.

Peppa Pig: Silly Daddy.

Daddy Pig: I love camping.


9. Gardening

Narrator: Peppa and George are playing at Granny Pig and Grandpa Pig’s house.

Peppa Pig: Grandpa, catch.

Grandpa Pig: Ho-ho-ho-ho, catch.

Grandpa Pig: What’s this?

George: Dinosaur. Grrr.

Grandpa Pig: A dinosaur? Ho-ho-ho-ho.

Peppa Pig: Grandpa, what are you doing?

Grandpa Pig: I’m planting these seeds.

Peppa Pig: Seeds? What are seeds for?

Grandpa Pig: Seeds grow into plants.

Grandpa Pig: I just dig a little hole and put the seed in. Then I cover it with earth and water it.

Grandpa Pig: Everything in my garden grows from tiny seeds like these.

Peppa Pig: Even the big apple tree?

Grandpa Pig: Oh, yes. These tiny seeds will grow into a little apple tree like this.

Peppa and George: Oo-oo-oo.

Grandpa Pig: And that little apple tree will grow into a big apple tree like this.

Grandpa Pig: Ouch!

Grandpa Pig: And inside this apple are more seeds.

Peppa Pig: To make more apple trees.

Grandpa Pig: Exactly.

Peppa Pig: Grandpa, Grandpa, I want to plant a seed.

Grandpa Pig: Would you like to plant a strawberry seed?

Peppa Pig: Yes, please.

Grandpa Pig: This seed will grow into a lovely strawberry plant.

Grandpa Pig: I just make a little hole.

Peppa Pig: Then I put the seed in and cover it with earth.

Grandpa Pig: Shall I water it for you?

Peppa Pig: No, no. I want to water it.

Grandpa Pig: Good. Now we wait for it to grow.

Narrator: Peppa and George are waiting for the seed to grow.

Peppa Pig: It’s not doing anything.

Grandpa Pig: Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho. You have to be patient, Peppa. It will take a long time to grow.

Mummy Pig: Peppa, George, it’s time to go home.

Peppa Pig: But we’re waiting for my strawberry plant to grow. I wanted strawberries for tea.

Grandpa Pig: Don’t worry, Peppa. Next time you come, the seed will have grown into a plant.

Peppa Pig: And we’ll have strawberries!

Grandpa Pig: Yes.

Mummy Pig: Come on, Peppa.

Peppa Pig: Bye-bye, Grandpa. Bye-bye, strawberry.

Narrator: Grandpa Pig looks after Peppa’s strawberry plant. After many days Grandpa Pig finds a tiny plant growing. Day by day the plant grows bigger and bigger. Then, one day, Grandpa Pig finds something very special.

Grandpa Pig: Strawberries!

Peppa Pig: Grandpa, we’re back.

Narrator: Peppa and George have come to play again.

Peppa Pig: Grandpa, Grandpa, did my plant grow?

Grandpa Pig: Yes, look.

Peppa Pig: Strawberries!

Peppa Pig: Thank you, Grandpa.

Peppa Pig: Grandpa, can we plant something else?

Grandpa Pig: Yes, now it’s George’s turn to choose.

Peppa Pig: Yes, you choose, George. Choose...a carrot.

Peppa Pig: Grandpa, I think George wants to grow carrots.

Grandpa Pig: George, would you like to grow a carrot?

George: No.

Grandpa Pig: What would you like to grow?

Narrator: George has thought of something he wants to grow.

George: Dinosaur.

Narrator: George wants to grow a dinosaur tree.

Peppa Pig: Silly George. Dinosaurs don’t grow on trees.

George: Dinosaur. Grrr.


10. Bicycles

Narrator: It is a lovely sunny day and Peppa and George are riding their bicycles.

Mummy Pig: That’s a fine pumpkin, Daddy Pig.

Narrator: Daddy Pig is very proud of his pumpkin.

Daddy Pig: Pumpkins are the only thing I can grow. Probably because I love pumpkin pie.

Peppa Pig: Come on, George. Danny! Suzy! Rebecca!

Narrator: Peppa and her friends, Danny Dog, Suzy Sheep and Rebecca Rabbit, are riding their bicycles. George is riding his tricycle.

Peppa Pig: He’s going so slowly.

Danny Dog: Let’s race to Daddy Pig’s pumpkin.

Peppa Pig: If we race to Daddy’s pumpkin, we have to be very careful not to bump into it. Daddy would be very sad if the pumpkin got broken.

Danny Dog: Don’t worry, Peppa. Race you.

Narrator: Peppa and her friends are racing to Daddy Pig’s pumpkin.

Daddy Pig: Hey, watch out for my pumpkin.

Danny Dog: Hurrah!

Mummy Pig: Peppa, look out. Daddy’s pumpkin.

Peppa Pig: Sorry, Daddy.

Peppa Pig: Look at George. He’s going so slowly. George is still riding a baby bike.

Danny Dog: Yours is a baby bike too, Peppa. You’ve still got stabilisers.

Rebecca Rabbit: I can ride without my stabilisers.

Suzy Sheep: Me too.

Danny Dog: And me.

Danny Dog: Let’s ride up the hill again. Are you coming, Peppa?

Peppa Pig: No, I think I’ll stay here.

Suzy Sheep: See you later.

Peppa Pig: Bye.

Narrator: Peppa wishes she did not have stabilisers on her bicycle.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, I don’t want stabiliers anymore.

Daddy Pig: Do you think you can ride without them?

Peppa Pig: Yes.

Daddy Pig: All right, Peppa. Let’s take them off.

Narrator: Daddy Pig is taking the stabilisers off Peppa’s bicycle.

Mummy Pig: Are you sure you want to ride without stabilisers?

Peppa Pig: Yes.

Mummy Pig: You’ve never done it before.

Peppa Pig: I can do it. I can, I can.

Peppa Pig: It’s not funny.

Narrator: Riding without stabilisers is not easy.

Daddy Pig: Would you like some help, Peppa?

Peppa Pig: Yes, please, Daddy.

Daddy Pig: All right. Ready, steady, go.

Peppa Pig: Don’t let go, Daddy.

Daddy Pig: Don’t worry. I’ve got you.

Mummy Pig: You’re doing really well, Peppa.

Peppa Pig: Hold on, Daddy.

Daddy Pig: Just keep pedalling.

Narrator: Peppa is riding on her own without stabilisers.

Peppa Pig: Daddy, you let go.

Daddy Pig: You’ve been cycling on your own for ages.

Peppa Pig: Have I?

Mummy Pig: You’re really very good at it.

Peppa Pig: Am I?

Peppa Pig: Oh, I can do it. Look at me, look at me. I can ride my bike properly.

Peppa Pig: Danny, Suzy, Rebecca, look. I don’t need my stabilisers anymore. Look at me.

Danny Dog, Suzy Sheep, Rebecca Rabbit: Hurrah!

Peppa Pig: Race you to Daddy’s pumpkin.

Peppa Pig: Whee!

Daddy Pig: Peppa, look out! My pumpkin!

Peppa Pig: I’m going to win.

Narrator: Peppa is not looking where she is going.

Narrator: Oh, dear. Peppa has squashed Daddy Pig’s pumpkin.

Peppa Pig: Sorry I squashed your pumpkin, Daddy.

Daddy Pig: Never mind the pumpkin. The important thing is that you are okay. In future you really must look where you’re going.

Peppa Pig: I promise I will, Daddy

Daddy Pig: Good. Anyway, now the pumpkin is broken, I can make it into pumpkin pie.

Peppa Pig: I love pumpkin pie.

Mummy Pig: And because Daddy Pig’s pumpkin is so big, there will be enough pumpkin pie for everyone.